# host
host, router.asus.com, direct
# host-suffix
host-suffix, apple.com, direct
host-suffix, cdn-apple.com, direct
host-suffix, icloud.com, direct
host-suffix, icloud-content.com, direct
host-suffix, mzstatic.com, direct
host-suffix, paypal.com, direct
host-suffix, paypalobjects.com, direct
host-suffix, mac-torrents.io, direct
host-suffix, workingcopyapp.com, direct
host-suffix, jd.com, direct
host-suffix, jin10.com, direct
host-suffix, taobao.com, direct
host-suffix, xiami.com, direct
host-suffix, baidu.com, direct
host-suffix, 360buyimg.com, direct
host-suffix, weibo.com, direct
host-suffix, qq.com, direct
host-suffix, tencent.com, direct
host-suffix, cmbchina.com, direct
host-suffix, cmbimg.com, direct
host-suffix, huya.com, direct
host-suffix, qidian.com, direct
host-suffix, sspai.com, direct
host-suffix, zhihu.com, direct
host-suffix, hupu.com, direct
host-suffix, dmall.com, direct
host-suffix, alicdn.com, direct
host-suffix, alipay.com, direct
host-suffix, cn, direct
# ip-cidr
ip-cidr, 198.11.128.0/18, direct
ip-cidr, 182.254.116.0/24, direct
# geoip
geoip, cn, direct
